the company energy a bright source
energy presented a Samana you kampl and
here solar in Israel and in case it a
Kerala technology I can impress a plan a
oh dear sir in a construction the Varia
plaintiff massive as a polar solar in
California a parte de la o proximo the
company Estonian say P heyy contra to a
bright source but a producer Novecento
megawatts in approximation knows Lucas
Albania parapro very like Trisha says in
tow train tomorrow varies the Sun is a
low concentration energy source in order
to produce electricity you have to get
the energy in much more concentration a
way in order to get to a higher temp to
high temperatures in order to do it what
we are doing we are putting a field of
mirrors this mirror is almost flat
mirror but not exactly feather killed
little bit the sun is touching the
mirror and reflecting formed from the
middle to the top of the tower
when the receiver boiler is sitting over
this is the first unveiling to the want
to make a public statement of the plant
being in place it's a very large
facility it covers about 120 dunam the
1641 mirrors that can shine up to the
tower and yet it's only about one and a
half to two percent of full-sized
commercial plan but it's adequate for
validating that the pressure and the
temperature of the steam that could be
can be produced at commercial
engineering levels harness the Sun a
system of funciona see the ratio del Sol
Sun capital per se hope Leno's
ear Africa's una torres de centimeter
Deltora que magnifica
el poder energetic o como si fuera una
gon take a loop a strikes the boilers
pipes
Yenisei madela tourism quainter una
caldera raja solar concentrators sundry
heroes alkaline dollar de agua la
Canaria salawa say Caliente aqui Mentos
in cuenta Gredos en una planta
industrial eva pour a transportable a
caldera una to vena in though ii era
direct ratio transmission wines
dania key cabinet transmissions even l
polar aware is commercials
BrightSource has a commitment from PG&E
to by 900 megawatts of power which is
roughly this amount of power generated
by a large nuclear or a coal plant that
that those facilities will go online
over the course of about five years so
we'll be developing 100 megawatts which
is one plant and then several 200
megawatt plants after that that
commitment from PG&E to bright sources
the single largest transaction ever in
the history of the solar industry in
complejo sistema de computation sot
resolve our am over a low-mass a missus
cientos fa ho casing an orientation del
sol right souls no Ravello los zetas in
financier derek where don't need el
complejo que fue visit oddo por la
prensa pelefirm ok los coast Osama bajo
que la planta Solaris tradicional A's el
proyecto forma parte de los force of
Estados Unidos para poner fin a su
dependency el pedro leo